> Suppose you want to build a video site similar to YouTube. Consider each of the points listed in Section 1.2 as disadvantages of keeping data in a file-processing system. Discuss the relevance of each of these points to the storage of actual video data, and to metadata about the video, such as title, the user who uploaded it, tags, and which users viewed it.

1. **Data redundancy and inconsistency** : This would be relevant to metadata to some extent, but not to actual video data, which are not updated. There are very few relationships here and none of them can lead to redundancy.
2. **Difficulty in accessing data** : If video data are only accessed through a few predefined interfaces, then this will not be a big problem. But, if an organization wants to finds video data based on specific search conditions, if metadata were stored in files it would be hard to find relevant data without writing application programs. Database is a better option in finding data.
3. **Data isolation** : Since data are not usually updated but newly-created, this will not be a major issue as keeping views history count of a user is also append-only work. But adding authorization can make some issues of concurrent updates to authorization information.
4. **Integrity problems** : Not much integrity constraints, except for primary keys. If the data is distributed, there may be issue in enforcing primary key constraints. Thus not a major issue.
5. **Atomicity problems** : When a video is uploaded, metadata about the video and the video should be added atomically, otherwise there would be an inconsistency in the data. An underlying recovery mechanism would be needed to ensure atomicity in the event of failures.
6. **Concurrent-access anomalies** : Since data are not updated, concurrent access anomalies would be unlikely to occur.
7. **Security problems** : These would be an issue if the system supported authorization eg. person needing access to various video at personal level to view the video.
