> Explain the concept of physical data independence and its importance in
> database systems.

1. There are 3 levels in the schema architecture of DBMS: Physical level, Logical level, and View level (arranged from the lowest to highest level).
2. Physical Data Independence is defined as the ability to make changes in the structure of the lowest level of the Database Management System (DBMS) without affecting the higher-level schemas. Hence, modification in the Physical level should not result in any changes in the Logical or View levels.
3. Physical independence lets you modify the file storage structures, hashing algorithms, compression techniques, storage devices, location of database, access method, indexes, and so on. So, basically it deals with the implementation of efficient memory storage techniques.
4. Physical Data Independence is achieved by modifying the physical layer to logical layer mapping (PL-LL mapping). We must ensure that the modification we have done is localized.

**Importance**

1. Data quality : Helps boost quality of data stored in database as modification becomes more convenient and data storage becomes efficient. It facilitates enhancement of undivided and unimpaired states.
2. Cost-effective maintenance : DI saves up from trouble of changing all schematic levels of database if changes needed in one schematic level.
3. Security aspect : Proper enforcement of standards and protocols for shielding the database becomes easier.
4. Reduction in Data Incongruity : DI supports modifying our database structure in account of increasing its compatibility, thus helping in controlling the data incongruity.
5. Improving performance : DI fuels the cause of data abstraction. Also facilitates smooth implementation of new changes. Thus, data accessing, storing and modification become speedy and convenient.
